thomas everything is fine
since yesterday we have to go
the outside world is hanging by a thread
very thin is only a matter of time
before the virus eliminates the rest of
we
this structure was designed for
protect
where the new door
they are not hiding something
they say they are thomas what you have
seen
we never ran away and wii did
part of the plan
I need to know where you stand
thomas
as in the labyrinth you will not be able to
survive not a day out there
they want something we have inside of
we must not be found
you are not obliged to follow me but
we can do it
to leave the burned area
here we go
we lost so many comrades I don't want
do the same life
you know me
we have sacrificed lives for
get here
we can't give up
we must do it for those who did not make it
click will not stop
I have to stop them you don't want to know why it is
success all this changes
you are very close to the truth
like all the pixar movies you do
also respect the sideout houni strike
that is, a hidden content usually a
intruder arrived at other pixar films
when joy sadness through in
imaginary world you see a game from
table with the written try me and the well
known nemo little fish
let me know if you find others not
as soon as you see the movie thank you for having us
following the next video